and its nightclub godoy that only goes
old woman asked today the official narrator
This fucking injury made the popcorn
by the cut of the turkey and what I will narrate the
goals today then releases the sticker editor
Leandro gostoso to the south and delicinha
we started with the classic of both teams
who will compete in the b series in 2015
Botafogo played with sports society
of the capital and the stove opened the
score with bolatti that hit that one
one kick and take from outside the box
and a counter-attack more fulminating than
the city having sex made them the second
to decree the victory of botafogo
The dream of the B series follows alive for
two teams
the almighty criciúma dortmund won
the thigh for 1 to 0 the myth the god of
football fixtures that have the oldest piroca in
terra paulo baier crossed to the area and
facbio ferreira de cabeza scored
fuck off Scolari summoned
henrique for the selection and did not call
Myth fábio Ferreira and the dream of tea and
connects still alive Cyprus
I'll bring the players later
of criciúma in my house to show the
tigress that exists inside me to the
International took the Chapeco
house and won without difficulty with two
goals from wellington paulista
better known as god stressed
paulista wellington paulista the disciple
light is the best player of this
championship shot
imagine the attack of my sex with
wellington paulista and rafael moura
my chana pyre and in the shitty games of
round of those teams that will not leave the
beautiful the sport better known as
nautical with label tied with the immortal
who moves the most and the goiás tied with
victory
irony of fate victory only ties
lose to win that is good nothing
and in the most voted stadium that my bed
and night says silva the bahia received saints
and took a blow on the face
on substitute alan santos opened the scoring
scoreboard own floor of the mass and lucas
file that is not click here and start
made the second to ensure the victory of the
saints in morumbi
the Flemish played with the figueirense at
which indicates everything is a campaign of
marketing upcoming mengão fans
assault the paulistas
the mengão opened the scoring with alecsandro
but neither did the time of the Flemish celebrate
and the figueirense already went to the attack to
to tie the match with that tie
Flemish went to the relegation zone
hello red rubro begins to make the
party because the series d
Come on, one more assault happened.
in the game between athletic paranaense and are
Paulo
bard opened the scoring for kaká hurricane
shinnik take bad goal deserves to
exclusion from the championship
from penalty shoot-out the gero selic is only three
years younger than paulo bairro tied
the game at the end of the game was a hit
more beautiful volley than my breasts
after I put silicone and
last minute luis fabiano game more
known as Hortencia do Morumbi did
the goal of a miraculous draw and stolen from
round
Luk is a fuck and no
game of the team that does not pay the series be
who loves a carpet the Fluminense has taken
by each on the forehead of the athletic miner
Dátolo opened the scoring at that moment.
Brazil was all over closed
with the gallon of pasta and diego tardelli
better known as Mario Motta did the
second job and take it in the ass
Fluminense calls the lawyer there to
Annul this game your trash and in the game
most sad of the round
My team lost will take in the ass.
warrior who started the barbaric evans to
I caught it tasty made the only goal of the
game with the help of the
fuck
but at least my cruise continues
leader of the whole fucking and corinthians
looks like he's going to fight about something
in this championship
who knew and there in the farm Comary
players are already talking a war already
with me smoking guarujá with maria kaka and
if you liked my beautiful voice left
a tanned and subscribes to their channel
caraio mole